Recovery strategy is a strategy of detecting a deadlock and then recovery from it. Recovery could by done through
preemption, rollback or killing processes. This strategy might be better than others in cases when nature of needed
resource could be safely taken away from the process and then returned back, we apply preemption. The strategy is also
better in cases when deadlocked process is not restricted on changing its state, that it can be safely rolled back to
previous checkpoint, we apply rollback. Finally, recovery strategy could be better in cases when a process that can be
rerun from the beginning with no ill effects, we apply killing processes due to its simplicity of realization.

Prevention strategy is a deadlock dealing strategy in which we can provide avoidance of Mutual-Exclusion, Hold-and-Wait,
No-Preemption or Circular wait. This strategy might be better than others in cases when it is possible to minimise
resource usage using avoiding giving it to many processes, we use avoidance of Mutual-Exclusion. The strategy is also
better in cases when it is possible to calculate for all processes in system to send list of all needed during execution
resources, in this case system will be sure that the process will not be deadlocked if it will get all needed resources
at once, we apply Hold-and-Wait. Third, prevention strategy could be better in cases when all processes before
requesting additional resources can release all holding at the time resources, then system can manage all resources
between processes one by one such that they complete their work and then others can use the resources, we again use
Hold-and-Wait. Fourth, this strategy might be better than others in cases when it is possible to take back resources
that process uses or when it is possible to virtualize them, when, for example, several processes can put a job that is
not urgent, so that they will be done alternately, managed by some controller, we use No-Preemption. Another best use
case it is possible to dedicate only one resource per time for a process, then theoretically it is impossible to have
a cycle in allocation graph, we use Circular wait. The advantage of its method is that system will never have deadlocks.

Avoidance strategy is a strategy of predicting what will happen if we will grant resources to some process. Avoidance
strategy might be better than others in cases when we want to be sure that we will never come to the deadlock
situation and we have a time to spend time to predict it.